By Andreas Linn

"You know what? Let me make you a bet." the gnome says.

Two gods stroll over gravel between ponds — the gnome's eyes glimmer at the square-eyed goddess of relaxation.

"I'll down 2 Jimjar-cocktails if you can name all of the characters in these scenes, and if you fail, you'll have to do it instead." he continues.

The girl in nightwear nods: "Oh, it's on! And whoever listens in to this conversion, why don't you join us?".

The two titans laugh at the premise and stop in front of one of the ponds. As the water calms down, their reflections are replaced by imagery and the faint sound of music emitting from the surface.

https://open.spotify.com/user/boo4/playlist/1ceAIRgXGsBfJI459U3yEU?si=REv28XTgSJmUjQDMmGiM3g

Dark clouds billow out of a strange structure on top of a rock formation. A collection of houses, a temple, and a lighthouse all smashed together in the most inconvenient place. The beam pierces through the starry night as a fight like no other takes place on top of it. Three flying tieflings and a half-elf with red knee-high boots launch spells, into their former home as the defendants, fire back with slurs and arrows. A fireball is counterspelled, then the counterspell is counterspelled, resulting in a grand explosion that blows out all of the windows. The first tiefling holds a mace, the second a flag-spear, the third a mobile organ. The half-elf carries haunted pipes.

The girl yawns, "Easy, that's [Afterburn], [Standard], [Crescendo] and [Anthem aka Miki]. If you don't step it up I'm gonna have to take over!".

"Oh, don't you worry, you will be challenged." the gnome answers.

The two continues to another pond.

*Note to reader, you may need to pause the previous playlist before playing a new one, depending on your browser version.*

https://open.spotify.com/user/boo4/playlist/5X4DugRhi3Ej2RydxFSJqA?si=lXBrc2eFSduuFKhw1I1W_w

The view of this pond sweeps down into a mountain tunnel that opens up to a cave. A spiral staircase in the middle of the hall ascends from the floor to the ceiling. Water pathways encircle the round harbor, and two massive galleys lay docked to ancient temple pillars. In a drydock a third galleon seems to undergo a redesign, its hull interior exposed. Two openings in the rough mountain walls continue into the mountain. A goblin in lab coat, who has yet to realize his hat is gone, is guiding our heroes through the cave, showing off the mighty work. Just as he steps from the drydock on to the deck, someone disables the mechanism holding the ship in place. The boat is launched into the river, breaking into two pieces as it hits the water, killing the poor goblin. A giant snail, with spiky tendrils and shining shell, coughs up his tea.

"Aaa, good one! This requires more than name recognition! But still, too easy. [Hank] is the name of the goblin. [Angus] is the flail snail. The saboteur is non-other than [Greedy Kira]. My turn, follow me." The girl answers.

The girl leads leave the gravel route and continues down another path as they spot the next pond. 

The gnome exclaims "Oh, that's obscure!"

https://open.spotify.com/user/boo4/playlist/7f8xvsgk5bC5XIDseKhjku?si=8Ho78oY5R22VtA0pVk723A

Situated in a forest, just under a lake and surrounded by a wooden palisade is a town engulfed in fog. Planted in the ground outside the gates are a half-dozen pikes with wolves' heads impaled on them. Deep in the village, there's a house that seems disgusted with itself. It has a slouching roof, dead garden, and moss-covered walls. The housemaid has a black eye and is locked in a wardrobe. Her delicate physique and faint voice will never get her out of there by herself.

"Ha, one of my favorites, the maid is [Jonata]." the gnome says.

"Okey okay, try this one." the girl continues.

https://open.spotify.com/user/boo4/playlist/5p6UkE8QrVf5Aqf8Jv0UQN?si=tHArMg9yTg6uusb6LezHWg

A top the ruins of a demolished castle a meeting like no other is brewing. The government of the lands is to be decided here, as the old one is dead. The weather is crystal clear, and the invited VIP's are arriving in groups.

First, the people of the lake town arrive. The master, who once was the servant and the servant who was once the master take a seat at one end of the table. 

"That's [Jonata of Vallaki] and [Fiona Watcher]" the gnome intersperse.

Next, the drunk travelers arrive with their old lady, the seer. Not only the seer takes place at the table, her trusty advisor, who recognizes our heroes as the younglings he brought to these lands also grabs a chair.

"Vistani leader [Madam Eva] and [Stranimir]."

Following them are the wolves and their pack leader, who transforms into a muscular man with white hair. He displays a faint air of fear as he sits down at the table; he was once their captive.

"Pack leader [Kiril]."

From afar, the mountain people have traveled. In fur coats and fur hats, they present their leader, a posh but fair gentleman.

"I guess [Dimitri Krekov]."

Last but not least, the ravens arrive. Their leader, a father with no remorse, cast aside his barkeeper robes to sit down at the table.

"[Keepers of the feater leader Urwin Martikov]."

The discussions rage on for hours, but in the end, a system of rotating governance is enacted, said to be fair for all parties, always determined by a vote from each tribe.

The girl grins.

"Ouch, hardball, but these are all recent memories. Try this one." the gnome cries out.

The two leave their path and continue far over the gravel, passing hundreds of ponds reflecting thousands of scenes.

The girl asks, "Where are we going."

The gnome answers, "A dark place."

https://open.spotify.com/track/2ZLSaIpOVzXBP4TUqgFa4k?si=dY2N8Su9QkK3yNSciQrQGA

This pond takes a few seconds to settle, and even more time is required for the gods' eyes to adjust before they can spot its content. A trench bisects an enormous cavern supported by naturally formed stone columns. Stone lampposts reflect off crystals embedded in the walls and ceiling. Water drips from stalactites onto leather tarps covering clusters of merchant stalls west and east of the trench. Beyond these marketplaces are well-tended gardens of mold and fungi, crystal walkways, and stone bridges. The tranquil beauty of this place is undone by sounds of combat to the northeast, the sound of metal against stone boom throughout the cave and panicked deep gnome run from duergar. A group of drows is meet by a calm male human wizard in one of the corners. He strolls into their tent and doesn't even flinch when he spots the maimed beholder, who's center-eye, and 4 of its tentacle eyestalks has been damaged. The drow leader, impressed by the man's tenacity puts aside his obsession for the lost magical orb to talk about the location of the legendary library. Outside the other adventurers are torturing a poor gnome about the orb. The duergar are hunting the orb, the orb is on everyone's lips, except the drow leader, and this young man. The drow leader touches his ring, and the rest is history.

The girl laughs, "This was after the legend of Kronk, my all-time favorite! After his arc my eyes were pierced in these ponds day and night. The wizard is non-other than [Paxon the Calm], the boss is [Zentarim chief negotiator Ghazrim du Loc], the beholder is [Lorthuun the maimed], and the gem holds [Demon lord Fraz-Urb'luu.]"

The gnome looks impressed, "Damn, you're good, I have a final number, let go as far back as possible, with the most obscure characters."

This stroll takes the two far, the ponds here become fewer and fewer until only one remain. This one lies alone, at the edge of all other pools.

https://open.spotify.com/user/boo4/playlist/6OzwXCydo4hUb75lleQV2k?si=gFdpcH54QOSoIsKVdQzUqw

The pond displays a prison outpost that consists of a series of small caves with four "hanging towers" - hollowed-out stalactites connected by walkways, stairs, and rope bridges. The thick webs of giant spiders conceal the towers stretched below so that only the lowermost parts of the stalactites are visible from the cavern floor. The slave pit, where prisoners wait to be sent to the large drow city holds four occupants.

An old male Derro, surprisingly gregarious and talkative, demonstrate a keen mind and a disarming manner. His trimmed white beard and pleasant facade conceal the soul of an insane killer. Who believes he is an avatar of a god.

The girl freeze, but manage to utter "I knew we were going here, but, crap this is hard. It is the pilot episode, but I can't remember it all. I guess the derro is [Buppido], he traveled forever with the gang."

A dwarf, with mushrooms growing out of who knows where converses with a younger female dwarf. His stare is blank, but his wisdom is intence. The young female comes from the surface, her red hair is braided red, and her name is confusingly close to a certain god.

"Ha, [Gand the Complex], the series longest-running character with soo many mysterious subplots. The other Dwarf is [Eldeth Feldrun]."

A deep gnome with a completely different demeanor has just joined the ranks. A feckless rogue with a devil-may-care attitude, a fondness for coin, and an obsession with betting on virtually anything and everything.

"That, of course, is [you]!" the girl cries out while comparing the gnome standing next to her with the image in the pond.

Two deep gnome siblings, with rat-like tendencies, keep to themselves. They talk about Blingdenstone, a lost city of gnomes in their madness. The group's quiet discussions end when they hear the drow priestess yell: "Accept your fate, learn to obey, and you may survive.". She cracks her tentacle whip as she throws 7 new slaves into the pit.

The girls think for some time, then admits "The priestess is [Ilvara Mizzrym of Lolth], but I have no idea about the gnomes. It rhymed, didn't it? Kanky and Tanky? What was it? I guess you win."

https://open.spotify.com/user/boo4/playlist/3599fkGBD0sO4r0sgMItUw?si=H00EtUNlQ4-5-QRyZ1UHQA

The deep gnomes dark skin shades to a warmer color, and his face distorts into a painful smile. The girl burst into laughter as he admits: "I have no idea.". 

A water splash hits the two gods from behind as a soft voice speak, "I remember all kämpar of mine, these are [Topsy] and [Turvy], blessed by my child Galile. Now drink up you two, you both failed.". 
